Added state to slider component for step and orientation that can be also updated when from the slider's attributes (#387)
CoherentLabs/GameUIComponents: components/slider/README.md

~~~~

To overwrite the default styles, simply create new rules for the class names that
you wish to change and include them after the default styles.

## Updating the slider's state

> You are able to update dynamically the sider state for the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to dynamically update the sider state for the following properties:
```

Author: Fixed

* orientation - How the slider is oriented. Either 'horizontal' or 'vertical'.

> * step - The scroll step of the slider that is used when scrolling with the mouse. Should be a number. Non positive values are also accepted and they can be used to invert the scroll direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* step - The scroll step of the slider that is used when scrolling with the mouse. The value provided should be a number. Negative values are also accepted and they can be used to invert the scroll direction.
```

Author: :D Fixed that as well

You can set them via `setAttribute` or directly using the setters like `slider.orientation = 'horizontal'`. 

For example:
```javascript
const slider = document.querySelector('gameface-slider');

slider.orientation = 'horizontal'; // or 'vertical'. If is set something different the slider orientatil will fallback to default one - 'vertical'
// Or
slider.setAttribute('orientation', 'horizontal');

slider.step = 20; // If you want to invert the mouse wheel you can set negative value. For example -20.
// Or
slider.setAttribute('step', '20');
```

You can get the current orientation or step in the following way:

```javascript
console.log(slider.orientation);
console.log(slider.step);
```

> You can also update the current handle position of the slider using the `scrollTo` method. It receives one argument that is the new position of the handle in percents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also update the current handle position of the slider using the `scrollTo` method. It receives one argument that is the new position of the handle in percent.
```

Author: Fixed

```javascript

> slider.scrollTo(50); // Will set the handle to position that is 50% of the available scroll bar area.

Reviewer: A note only: This is not entirely true, but when Tony finishes with this task: [COH-18800](https://coherent-labs.atlassian.net/browse/COH-18800) it should be

Author: Will leave it for now like it is and it will be fixed OoB :D

~~~~

To overwrite the default styles, simply create new rules for the class names that
you wish to change and include them after the default styles.

## Updating the slider's state

> You are able to dynamically update the sider state for the following properties:

Author: Fixed

* orientation - How the slider is oriented. Either 'horizontal' or 'vertical'.
* step - The scroll step of the slider that is used when scrolling with the mouse. The value provided should be a number. Negative values are also accepted and they can be used to invert the scroll direction.

You can set them via `setAttribute` or directly using the setters like `slider.orientation = 'horizontal'`.

For example:

```javascript
const slider = document.querySelector('gameface-slider');

> slider.orientation = 'horizontal'; // or 'vertical'. If is set something different the slider orientatil will fallback to default one - 'vertical'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
slider.orientation = 'horizontal'; // or 'vertical'. If the passed value is not supported - the slider will fallback to default one - 'vertical'
```

Author: Fixed
